welcome back once again to how to cook
great food calm if you haven't already
click that button and subscribe to our
Channel
only menu today we'll be making a lamb
and potato curry or masala as you can
see I've got my pan here and in there
I've got some oil that's heating up
nicely I'm using the sunflower oil go
ahead and use any oil you like we're
going to drop in some whole seeds or
garam masala so here they go you want
them to roast some pop and crackle
there's a baby fear I've got in there
some fennel seeds cumin seeds green
cardamom black mustard seeds I thought I
need to integrate with it they'll get a
release of wonderful flavor into that
oil now we're going to go in with our
lamb we're going to fry this for about
five or six minutes just with the whole
garam masala give me know this lamb has
got Bolognese you can use spinach if you
want
so let's just cook this let it play for
about five or six minutes sell it over
I'm on a kind of above medium heat we'll
just seal it a little bit and then we're
going to add of course lots of other
lovely spices
you can see that our meat is browning
really nicely I mean it is nowhere near
Krypton that's what we've got to do now
is to get this meat nice and tender what
I'll do here is I'm going to add some
garlic ginger paste that's a 50/50 mix
of garlic and ginger it's about three of
these little teaspoons in there you're
going to add some chopped onions I'm
using a red onion but go ahead and use
white
then we're going to add some powders as
always if you've watched the channel I
call these the big four they're equal
parts of chilli coriander cumin and
turmeric if you'd like of course you can
use your favorite curry powder we're
going to add some salt at this stage
let's get this over
and again we're going to just cook this
for about now three or four minutes
turning it constantly again on a kind of
above medium heat
because some lovely flavors happening
now now we're going to add some water
that was cold water by the way you know
we're just sort of covering it a little
bit you know we're going to bring this
water to the boil and then we're going
to simmer this with a lid on for about
15 minutes this is the part that I hope
generally works will tenderize our meat
and make it nice and soft so let's take
a look now some of that steam out of it
this is cooking down beautifully and as
you can see here that it needs to come
straight off of that bone
if certainly on its way now pretty
essential part of doing this dish is to
get your meat nice and tender as you
getting that with an awful awful tough
meat no matter what cut you use or maybe
book really expensive lamb it would
still end up being tough if you don't go
through this process I'm not going to
add some potatoes which I've peeled and
shot these are fairly small you cut them
however you like and the cooking process
lets you take the longer time if you put
them in much bigger
so again let's give this a mix stir them
in we still put a decent amount of
moisture in there from that water if you
haven't at this point maybe it's got
really dry add a bit more water now it's
going to go back on and we're going to
cook this for about seven to eight
minutes on a fairly low heat not a
simmer above a simmer okay let's jump in
now to take a look that's looking more
like it
potatoes and cooking very nicely I kind
of like my potatoes Squaresoft and now
at this stage is going to add some
chopped tomatoes I'm just going to
spread them on the top I pop the lid
back on on a fairly low heat we're going
to cook them just for about five minutes
what they should do is break down with
the steam dogs third room at the moment
the steam will break them down we're
going to mix it around once and come
back we may add a little tad more water
perhaps and then we're pretty much done
oh we should be now at the final stage
let's take a look yeah these are
softening really nicely as you can see
and they've given off a little bit of
moisture as well just now turn this over
at this stage I'm going to add some
fresh chili it's totally optional as to
how much you put in I've put in about
four or five there you now need to check
this for salt it's all good for me
you can if you want finish that up with
some fresh coriander or cilantro let's
just cook that for about two more
minutes and it's done it's wonderful I'm
really happy with it I'll see you again
soon take it
you